0. It's been 1-1/2 years and I migrated - reluctantly - from shooting Canon for 10 years. The 51-point AF, combined with the versatile AF modes was the main attraction while also moving up to FX format given the range of my subject interests widening. It took me a while to get used to the Nikon menus and navigation, especially those moments when you want instant recall of settings for a tricky situation almost like navigating traffic in a left-hand drive car when you have been driving a right-hand one!. Looking back now, it's been an easy transition and the 2 dedicated user configurable settings help too. The side buttons for WB, ISO etc are quite handy and I am now much quicker in composing very different settings I mostly shoot manual or in the P mode. Also shoot both RAW and JPEG and use the Continuous mode quite often sports, birds; the speed and buffering are remarkable and non-intrusive. Initial lens was the Nikkor 28-300 that I found versatile but a huge disappointment in focus speed and sharpness. I have since replaced it with a Sigma 24-105/F4 which is spectacular and more suited to my style, giving me consistent sharpness across the frame at all lengths. Also better at low light / high ISO situations than the Nikkor. I also shoot with a Nikkor prime  50mm/1.8G which is inexpensive and absolutely delightful use it for landscapes too!. For wildlife I got the Nikkor 200-500mm/5.6 with the camera and I have not used it as much as my other lenses. In my limited experience, the lens is terrific although suited more for leisurely / patient sessions with tripod. I have just purchased the Tamron 70-200 latest, G2 for this camera and am absolutely thrilled with the combination. Shot at the Wimbledon centre court last week exclusively with this combination and was astounded by the results even my efforts were not up to the mark!  I bought the camera and the 3 Nikkor lenses on Amazon - my first ever purchase of such expensive gear online! - last year in Feb and the whole experience was smooth, fortunately.  PS: as I write this, I had to give in my D750 to Nikon service center as my camera is one of the several that have been recalled for the sitter issue a manufacturing defect causing random shading in pictures. Apart from this, the D750 is truly an innovative product from Nikon and rightly positioned / feature-filled for the serious amateur.

1. I just don't have enough words to express the quality of the image. I had owned it around 3 weeks and I could assure this is one of the best for Semi-pro. Used it for a event photography, Wildlife and portraiture. The quality is just awesome even at ISO 2000. The grip is very great and the build feels really good to hold the camera for a long time.

2. Awesome is a small word. At this price point you get almost similar picture quality that you can expect from a camera costing more than of its double. Low light capabilities are just great. Fast focusing, two SD cards, easy buttons and FF combined, this SLR surely is not going to be outdated for next 10 years. It has been made in such a robust way and weather proof to last for ever..justifiably!! Go for it!!

3. The seller is not ready to pass on the benefit of reduction in GST rate effective from 1st January 2019. I request Amazon to look into the matter. Otherwise, the camera and lens is good.

4. Timely delivery. Product as mentioned. But the free hatchback was not given.

5. I love Nikon cameras.

6. Best budget full frame DSLR money can buy

7. Nikon D750 Is even really best Camera in 2019. But dont order Cameras in Amazon bcz i got seal broken and used Product .

8. Great

9. Very good product

10. Don't need to say anything about the camera - it's the platinum of cameras. The buying experience was smooth and the delivery was on time.  If you are thinking about it, don't, just buy it.  The one tiny blip I am currently facing is registering this product for warranty.

11. The camera is awesome no doubts in this.. But The price in the local market is very less as compared to Amazon... I m getting this 142000 with 24-120mm kit.. 20k difference is HUGE !!

12. It's an outstanding product. ... Bought from daffodil eleelectros along with another lens.  Packing and shipment were impressive. Very impressed daffodils...

13. This Camera rocks the DSLR Full Frame Market. Very Nice product.

14. You'll find tons of review of this camera on the net, so I'll jot down some condensed notes from a user's perspective, which I did not find in the reviews.  Pros: 1. Solid build, very comfortable to hold. 2. Excellent sensor, very high level of detail 3. Very accurate AF, allows cropping comfortably. AF in low contrast scenarios is much better than the D7200 with the Tamron 150-600; the 100% views from the D750 are sharp and well-detailed, while the D7200 gets it tack sharp 50% of the time. And no, no problems with the D7200 body, it works supremely well in decent conditions. 4. Large viewfinder- hard to adapt to a DX body after this. 5. Handling is good if you are using smaller lens see cons. 6. High ISO is eminently usable to 5000 at ISO6400, you see some grain  Cons: 1.  The biggest con with this as all of Nikon's DSLRs from the D7xxx series onwards, is the handling with large lens. As Nikon DSLRs have half the controls on the left side, it becomes extremely difficult to change controls when you are using this DSLR hand-held with large lens like the Tamron 150-600. It is next to impossible to change WB, ISO, Drive Mode and AF area; since all of these require your left hand to be free of the lens. This is really the only con, and it irritates the hell out of me every time I use Nikon's advanced DSLRs with large lens- hand-held. The workaround is to assign the 'My Menu' option to the Function Button beside the grip; and map most of the left hand buttons' functions to that menu. It is a workaround, but still slow; and there is no way to change the drive more this way. As far as drive mode usability is concerned, Nikon's cheaper DSLRs D3xxx and D5200 still rule- they have the button on the right side. 2. The other con is that some direct button functions are now reflected on the rear screen when you want to change them WB, ISO, etc.; and the screen takes 2s to wake up! This happens only when the display sleeps for an extended period of time, but it still is a dumb make on Nikon's side to delay the screen start up.  But then you get to see the images, and all is forgiven and forgotten. This is how good this camera is. And it costs as much as the Canon 6D, which is decidedly outdated. Its a no-brainer. Get the D750, set it up well, and use it for a long long time to come. Best lens for this are the 50mm 1.8D, 24-120 f/4; the 70-300 AF-S VR and the Tamron 150-600. This is the perfect kit.

15. Just one word "Awesome " I am writing this review after purchasing the product on in oct 2018 still the best one till date one should please ignore the comparison before buying this product you must be clear what is your need either full frame or DX then one should also consider one requirement or need or platform of using the product ideally best all types of photography exclude the video graphy   because this machine is made for click and photos not for video

16. I had d7100 for 1.5 yrs and was looking to upgrade to FX. D610 was not attractive due to its 39-AF points D7100 has 51 and I find D810 unnecessary being an enthusiast, even if I can buy it. I waited for D750s launch and initial reviews and everything from Tech reviews to customer reviews was 4.5 stars amp; above. Finally got it early Oct after trading off D7100! Here are my observations, opinions about D750 after using it for 2-3 days under different conditions. Also a comparison with D7100 is obvious for me in some points, since I was using D7100 prior to this.  1. A Full frame feels certainly better than the DX. The increased sensor size definitely gives that different feeling to a FX image. Existing FX users wont find anything different here, but DX users on the verge of FX upgrade may want to note this  2. D750s feels little larger in hands than D7100 I know D810,D4 guys find it the opposite :-. The new deeper grip is really excellent. D750 fits firmly in my medium size hands.  3. Fn, PV amp; AE/AL buttons ---- Many have pointed that these buttons are difficult/somewhat not easy to access. But my right hand ring finger easily finds the Fn button with a lens mounted 28-300mm FX, 16-35mm FX. I have medium size palm and fingers. Due to deeper grip the Fn is shifted towards center of camera, but still very much accessible. Also the AE/AL is not that far for the thumb to reach. I customized that button to AF-ON and my thumb intuitively reaches it. I have seen guys with their little finger longer than my thumb. So it should be a cake walk for them to reach AE/AL button. I hope they dont press the view finder with their long thumb in place of the button ;-  4. Top LCD ---- With D7100 I was used to see Image quality, WB on the top LCD. Since D750s is smaller, that info is omitted from top LCD and shifted to main screen. Out of habit I was looking the top while changing Image quality, but its matter of time I would be used to D750. Being not resistant to change would help me adjust faster :-  5. Some guys are complaining regarding no dial on left top for ISO, WB etc like a D700. How does it matter? These buttons are on left-back panel and still needs a button press + command dial rotation to change values i.e. same number of steps but at a different location. With usage one would adjust to it.  6. Excellent AF low light performance ---- D750 focuses well in darker conditions and throws up great images. The AF is excellent here. I was able to focus easily in a darker side of room and snap the image. However, I tried to focus in relatively less darker area with Live View and it was not focusing very well, in fact it did not focus. But in well lit area live view AF is good, better than D7100. I use Live view rarely so it does not matter to me.  7. High ISO performance ---- D750 excels in this area too! Its better than D7100, not that D7100s high ISO is bad, but D750 is better. Images Jpeg,Fine with ISO6400 have very little noise at 100% zoom the OK button can be set for 100% in playback mode. Even ISO12800 is encouraging. RAW amp; high ISO combo should be a winner!!  8. AF points spread  The points are not very much clustered towards the center. I had done a side by side comparison with D810, and D750s spread is slightly less than D810 0.7mm vertically, 0.9mm horizontally. Dont know in regards to D4. The AF spread does not bother me even after coming from D7100, which being a cropped sensor has points spread out in greater area.  9. Shutter ---- The shutter is a bit noisier than D7100! Yes, it makes a clank and in CH/L mode its might attract attention in relative silent indoor places. Not that D750 fires like a machine gun :- but still why Nikon couldnt make it atleast same sound level as D7100, forget D810 which is low noise? A Rs1 lakh+ body must have a better shutter noise! Note that, I am mentioning shutter noise and not saying that shutter is not smooth to operate. Anyways, is it a deal breaker or reduces 1 star from 5-star rating?? Certainly not, grab a D750!! The noise level in Q mode is good though.  10. Buffer ---- Not a detailed analysis here, but the buffer is certainly better than D7100 while shooting RAW in 14-bit. I could easily gauge that having used D7100 used the same SD card from my D7100. How much better than D7100? Cant exactly say that. I know guys expecting minimum 8fps wont find my observation useful, amp; also since I made a comparison with a DX body. But thats what I had earlier :-  11. I could easily say that the dynamic range is better than D7100. Maybe its due to being FX and the cameras processor.  12. Sharpness, IQ ---- My major worry was the sharpness since D750 has AA filter. But no worries here. I used 28-300mm lens not a prime lens and zoomed some 100mm plus on daughters back pack having a Mini mouse, ISO 3200 amp; shutter speed of just 1/20, and the image was sharp viewed at 100%. Then I used my 105mm f2.8 Micro prime lens in overcast conditions outside. And D750 is very sharp!! I don't worry now about its sharpness over cameras which omit AA filter D7100,D810. Jpeg images looks great out of the camera. They appear slightly over exposed than my earlier D7100 the monitor brightness level was at default. Colors and tone are great. I am damn sure that post processing RAW images would yield excellent results!  13. The Vari-angle screen is useful in some cases to pull off odd angles. But I dont like Live view photography. In my 1.5 yrs with D7100, I used live view only 2% overall. D750s live view is snappier than D7100 for sure. The hinge mechanism is not flimsy, it feels solid.  14. Button layout ---- Coming from D7100 is a home run. The layout is almost the same. So not much learning for me there. But maybe some adjustments for D700 and D8xx. But it always helps to being not resistant to change :-  15. The images appear slightly overexposed and the histogram shows the same. Not a problem. Also the monitor resolution is great and then the images look brighter in camera. When I downloaded it to laptop, it was not looking that bright. Anyways I follow histogram rather than different displays to judge image. My smart phone makes images little over saturated.  Improvement/Missing points: I. Shutter is smooth, but a bit noisy. Certainly not a show stopper or deal breaker in anyway, but D810s shutter should be the standard and Nikon could have made it for D750 too. I dont think anyone will go for D810 only because its shutter is buttery. People buy D810 majorly for 36Mp + other factors, if I am right. No one will dump D810 and go for D750, assuming that D750 has same buttery shutter :-  II. View-finder blind  D810 has a inbuilt blind for view finder. Why not D750? Again like point1 above, no one would have dumped D810 if D750 had a built in view finder. I dont know if this mechanism would call for little larger body locally in viewfinder area, but that could have been pulled off. I was using the Dk-5 cap on D7100 and its the same for D750. But I will live with it! I used the cap on D7100 for longer exposure waterfall photos. An in-built would have been great!  Overall D750 is an excellent camera for DX upgraders. For D610, I leave it to them :- For D810 users, maybe an excellent back up body. Go for it if you are already considering it.  PS: Dont get disheartened at all by my mention of a little noisy shutter. Just go for D750 if  it!

17. Bought this after selling my d5200 in March 2018. Although I didn't bought it from Amazon cause got less price in ex-showroom which was 1.39 lac. I'm not gonna write it's specs cause you can check on any reviewer's site. The most difficult decision for a enthusiast is that should I upgrade to full frame or not. I thought a lot about it. I read many reviews, technical aspects, pros and cons but I must say those are thinking the same, you'll not gonna get mind blowing differences until you put best fx glasses on this body and fx lenses are too costly. So if you've got money, well it's the well balanced camera you can get. But if you don't better to buy D7200. If you're thinking to upgrade to fx sure you know in which area of photography you're good. If you're not into low light performance better to buy DX series. Even these days DX camera have also better low lught capability. So buy telephoto, wide angles or portrait lenses as per your requirement in DX line up. They are cheap and easily available and the best part they're best. Check my insta ackishore

18. Almost charging 30000 extra here

19. I am a person interested in photography amp; videography - both - with fair/little  knowledge about either one. So, with that disclaimer, if you'd like to know the opinions of a tech enthusiast who did his research and is taking his first strides in the direction of photography and videography, continue to read. i wont write much about the product as all the products by Amazon are very genuine and the delivery was made within 3 days which is astonishing. This camera has been a great challenger to Canon 5D Mark III 2. Moreover if you look at the full frame DSLRs from Nikon this is something that stands out amongst Nikon D610, D800, D800E and the beast Nikon D810. Loaded with features that you may not find in anything else, fist time introduction of a tilt-angle screen to the lightest FULL FRAME DSLR but still other sites are selling the same exact product, same exact warranty Kindly make a note of this.You'll enjoy using it, trust me. Also thanks to get faster delivery!

20. D750 is superb camera..but Amazon sell it to costly..Think Twice and buy..

21. url  I am not going to give you the spec list, which you can check from many videos on Youtube and various sites. I used the Canon 550D before this and I wanted to list down the things I loved about this camera. - Easy setup Battery, memory card and settings - Great button layout which provides easy usage in Manual mode except for back button focus which is a little hard to reach - Command dials + Button combos make it quick and easy to change almost any setting on the go - Super easy auto focus setup and fast focussing - WiFi connectivity with Android phones make it easy to quickly view and share photos - Main dial locks settings - Quick shutter release - Comfortable grip - Beautiful viewfinder - Dual SD Card slot with great storage options

22. Guys, please check your local store for this camera instead of buying it online. The price listed here is around INR 130k which is probably a bit higher than what your local dealer will charge you. Plus there is a flare issue with the D750. So its best to check if your body also has this issue in the shop, though its not easy to produce the same light sources required to reproduce the issue. But you can at least find out if its a bad copy. Because the problem is much more amplified if you have a bad copy amp; you will need a larger focus micro-adjust for every lens because the AF module's alignment is also a bit off.  Here is some more information about the issue: http://www.dpreview.com/reviews/nikon-d750/9  I wouldn't be too worried, because the issue is minor, and Nikon has issued instructions to service centers to deal with the problem in case you get a bad copy.  I would recommend potential buyers to wait it out till the issue has been sorted, or check for a >January 2015 imported camera from your local store if possible to be sure that this issue doesn't affect your camera.  This reminds me of the time the D600 was released. The sensor had some issue with dust, so they went ahead and made an entire new camera because of that. I hope they don't go and announce another model because of this minor issue, as it would really disappoint me, and other early adopters. In any case, if some thing like that happens, then the price of the D750 is likely to drop further, to around 110k like the D600, so those who can wait should wait before pulling the trigger on this one.  But, if you're here, you already know how good this camera is. I am really happy about this camera, and its price. It beats the Canon 5D mark III in every aspect at almost 60k lesser. How sweet is that? We can get a Tamron 24-70 F2.8 VC for this amount.  ATM, I don't think this camera has any competitors at its price point. The AF is super fast, and its high ISO capabilities are just shy of the D4s, which is saying a lot.  I like the weather sealing, because you it doesn't have any condensation inside the viewfinder when you go from a chilly room to the outside where its hot and humid. My non-weather sealed cameras would become worthless in such situations, and in the rain when water went inside the viewfinder.  Its much lighter than the D4, which is almost double the weight of the D750. On hearing that the D750 has a flippy screen, I was a bit skeptical of its build quality, but it seems that Nikon has done their homework, and it looks pretty reliable. At the very least, I know for sure that I'm not going to be facing the same issues like the swivel screens on the D5xxx series.  ---------------------- D750 vs D800/D810 argument: ---------------------- I really miss only one thing from the pro cameras from Nikon. Its the 1/8000 shutter speed. The D750 tops out at 1/4000th of a second, and its disappointing, because the D7100 can do 1/8000th of a second at 60k cheaper. This means that, you always need filters of different sizes for every lens you have in the your bag. This afternoon, I had to stop down to F2.8 while taking portraits so as to not overexpose the scene. I did not have any filters with me, so stopping down was the only way I could get the exposure right.  The D810 is much better in this regard. You can shoot at ISO 1/8000th of a second, plus you can also shoot at ISO 64. Which means that you're effectively getting around 1/3rd of a stop less light. So its equal to shooting at 1/11000th of a second at ISO100. Which means you don't need to stop down to reduce light.  The D810 also has a larger buffer, and a faster crop factor shooting frame rate 7fps vs 6.5fps of the D750. Its also better built than the D750. Another thing is that its AF point spread covers more of the frame[which is good for tracking if you're into sports and that sort of thing]. But the price is much higher too, by about 50-60k for which you can set up your own studio.  Note that though the AF module, though it has a smaller spread than the D810 amp; D4s, it is actually a bit more sensitive than the D810/D4s, ie it can shoot in 1-2 stops lower light than the most expensive Fx camera from Nikon!  Anyways, for the average user 99% of the shots aren't going to be wide aperture portraits in the sun, so you can go for the D750 without any worries. Plus if you think about it, until the D3x/D4, Fx cameras could only go till ISO 200, so what it means is that when you're shooting at ISO 100 at 1/4000th of a second, you're effectively shooting with an exposure value similar to the D3/D3s at ISO 200 and 1/8000th of a second.  YOU DON'T NEED 36MP, it only means that you'd be compromising on high ISO shots. The D750 can produce cleaner colors 1 stop better than the D810. The D810 can compensate for noise and detail by oversampling, but it loses color accuracy. Once you lose color accuracy, in skin tones and other colors, you will never get them back unless you spend a ridiculous amount of time in post. This is one of the reasons why the shots out of the D4 and D4s look so much different when compared to other cameras. You'll notice this especially in skin tones when shooting at ISO 6400 and above. So, unless you need the slight bump in resolution, get the D750 over the D810. You will not regret it. Its one step closer to the D4s than the D810.  --------------------------- The D750 vs D7100 argument: --------------------------- Now you're tight on budget, you can consider this combo: D7100 + Sigma 18-35mm F1.8 for the same price.  Its perfectly fine, the lack of an AA filter in the D7100 gives it the edge in detail, and if you use it with the Sigma, its going to be sharper than the D750 on any FF standard Zoom!! But there are some issues, like the lack of standard focal length lenses, where every lens behaves slightly differently on APS-C bodies. For example, try this: The 24-70mm F2.8 is 3x zoom, which is like a standard focal length which we normally use, but the 18-35 becomes a 27-52.5mm lens, which isn't that wide, nor does it go close enough. I am kinda hard pressed to recommend it at the same price as that of the Tamron 24-70 F2.8 VC, which is weather sealed, and has a bit more reach. Same is the case with every other lens. Take another example, the 50mm which is a standard lens becomes a portrait lens on the D7100 ie, its equivalent focal length becomes 75mm which is a bit shorter than a 85mm which is usually what people consider as a portrait focal length. So its a bit confusing, you're not sure you really want that focal length in APS-C. Whereas FF is usually a standard affair.  But if you're on a budget, I can understand why people might consider this. In fact, its a totally valid option, considering the prices of the lenses in Nikon's FF lens lineup. Most of them are ridiculously priced. Its good that companies like Sigma and Tamron are making use of this market opportunity.  ------------------- Overall impression: -------------------  It was very difficult for me to find any drawbacks in the D750. Overall an excellent camera.  ----------------- Highly recommend! -----------------

23. many people consider dx format like d500 or d7100 as alternative. and almost everybody including professions confuse the crop factor... so let me try to bust lots of myths:  - 50mm in dx is like 75mm in fx.! or any formal length is 1.5 times. this is very very very big myth.! don't fall for it.! 50mm in dx is still 50mm and you even loose out on aperture that is blurring compared to same 50mm on FX.  let me try again because many many people will get shock... 50mm in dx is only getting you less view.! it is still 50mm.! how much less view? thats same view as 75mm on FX.!  so 50mm in dx is like taking 50mm in fx and cropping it to 75mm.! how is that even remotely a good thing? not only that... you even loose out on blurring compared to same blur of 50mm of fx.! to me dx is waste of money.! for comparison just check old school medium formats photos and check the blurs. even fx was compromise. I have one group shot from 2004 with medium format. you just can never acheive that with even fx. dx? think twice before you throw your money on dx.  I hope it helps.  second myth: ignore all the reviews with long zooms or lens with higher apertures. fx shines with low apertures to bring magic into picture. and no software blurs can never match lens blurs.... I have spent whole day trying to get blurs of lens with software. it is just too much effort and just waste of time.  here is best combination - get 50mm 1.8 lens or 1.4 if you can. that's best quality you are getting. don't waste money on 2.8 constant aperture zooms. that's for video. and if you are into serious video then mirrored camera is wrong choice to begin with.  of course shoot at highest possible apertures lowest numbers. within minutes you would want to buy medium format camera : and you will know why fx is far superior to any dx format.  if you are still thinking of dx then still a good camera phone with software bokeh is better choice.  I will buy camera when price is below 100k :

24. Camera is incredible !

25. Perfect in case of image quality, build quality, usability, weight, features, durability. Worth for the money spent. Dont think twice, just grab it. Used it for 1yr now, haven't had a single issue with it.

26. What an FX camera! I love the clarity and depth of colors the sensor produces. I have taken it on several trips and home functions and the camera has never ceased to amaze me. The grip is deep and ergonomically well made. The low light performance of the camera is good. There is very little noise at ISO800 and that's just perfect for taking photos indoors. The settings on the camera are very similar to the older Nikon cameras. Pair it up with a prime lens and the camera just blows everything out of the water. The sharpness, the color reproduction is all top notch.  Lens review: The lens that came with the camera is worth every rupee. It is tack sharp and the VR does its job really really well. Step it down to f/5.6 and the lens just shines. The sharpness is fantastic.

27. Horrible.saying this would be like saying it was good, it was much worst than this. Please do not invest your hard earned money on buying this from this seller. I got a faulty piece in the first place where in the memory card used to go undetected while i was shooting and i shoot professionally.  Its a torture for me to get the refund from this amazon. I have plenty of calls, shot innumerable mails hardly they care. If you care for your health and money, i repeat, don't commit the same mistake that i did. A wise man learns from someone else's mistake.

28. A great full frame camera but as per mid-2017 not the best option for many users. Picking a DSLR totally depend on the end use.  If you want to have a full-size sensor then this is the perfect product for you. This 24.3MP Full frame camera is more than enough for all your requirements except sports. With great low light capability, this camera is the first choice for many Indian wedding photographers as well.  Pros- Light weight Full frame Less expensive HIgh ISO range Great Video Quality Tilt Screen for better angle  Cons- No Cfast or XQD card Decent size buffer Decent frame rate Hi cont.  With D500 url

29. One of the best FX camera.

30. This camera is excellent bought mine for Rs.108000 from Nikon multi retail store. So check locally before buying.

31. Good one

32. Good video quality

33. This is what you call a nicely placed model in the hierarchy of FX cameras.  My first full frame and am having a superb time shooting with it. I got it off a GK Vale store  - didnt want to take chances with warranty and got all my card stamped et al.  With all the features and stuff at this price for a FX camera is kind of a bargain. There are a host of websites which have reviewed the camera - I personally liked this one which kind of sealed the deal for me.  https://photographylife.com/reviews/nikon-d750/8  This camera would fulfil the aspiration of having FX camera if you are on a tight budget.

34. This camera has to be one of the best value for money full frames of all time. I switched from Nikon D5200 and its a huge jump in quality. Pair this camera with a 50mm for portraits or even a 24-120mm for travel and it becomes an amazing combination. Check my shots on Instagram at rahul_vangani for photo samples!

35. Mast camera

36. Best camera for Wedding, Exelant result of photo and  video shoot.... Power full energy to photographer.....

37. What a fantastic camera it is. Very easy to operate. But for beginners it needs some some time to adjust the fine focus using lenses, otherwise images will get blurred. Photos are just fantastic. They are for a life time. Whether it is low light or sunny conditions, the end result is just too good.Its better to take photos without flash in low light conditions. use flash only if its completely dark. Many of the features are not be used by me and I just use it in auto mode, as I am an amateur photographer. Its quite water resistant also. I used it near water falls, with lot of fog, and its working fine. Its little heavy though. Battery back up is good. The camera looks great also.  The only big negative I find is the video format recorded is MOV format, and not mp4 or other common formats. All in all its a great camera if one can afford it. After all some moments in life come only once. You need a good camera to record them and cherish it forever. Thanks.

38. Really nice camera. Crisp and nice images. You need to learn focusing though. Fantastic battery life. Lats really long. Only problem is the mov format of video recording. Need MOV player to run it. I have bought it 4-5 months back. Happy with it.

39. Which  camera is best

40. The best you can get at this price. Pros. High dynamic range ISO versitality Tilt screen Compact size  Cons Mega pixel count in do format is.little less hence no use of Dx mode. You can directly crop later instead.

41. I'm using DSLR for the 1st time amp; to learn photography it fulfills all my expectations.I'm very happy with this... Amazing camera. Bought it for 1.9k during festive sale. Worth every penny I spent. Thank you Nikon Thank you Amazon

42. I am so much happy the nikon D750 cool camera

43. This type of cameras are not made for DX type lenses.FX format lenses are very expensive than DX lenses.

44. It gives confidence to thinking much better . What in mind ,u can deliver it

45. nice camera

46. Nice DSLR

